Update for release 2.1.0rc1 (#3720)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: README.md

## Updates

### v2.1.0 (3Q24)

> [Product name, version X.X] does not include the latest functional and security updates. [Product name, Version X.X] is targeted to be released in [Month 20XX] and will include additional functional and security updates. Customers should update to the latest version as it becomes available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO™ Training Extensions, version 2.1.0 does not include the latest functional and security updates. OpenVINO™ Training Extensions, version 2.2.0 is targeted to be released in [Month 20XX] and will include additional functional and security updates. Customers should update to the latest version as it becomes available.
```
It seems typo

Author: i've just forgot to delete the template statement. in the next line, we have correct statement inside of `notes`
